.TH caja\-actions\-new 1 "Feb 2015" "Version 1.8.0" "caja-actions"
.SH NAME
caja\-actions\-new \- create new caja actions
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBcaja\-actions\-new\fR [\fIOPTION\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcaja\-actions\-new\fR creates new actions for the caja file manager
non\-interactively via the commandline. Action attributes are specified
via command\-line options.
.SH OPTIONS
\fIHelp options\fR
.TP
\fB\-?, \-h, \-\-help\fR Show help options
.TP
\fB\-\-help\-all\fR Show all help options
.TP
\fB\-\-help\-output\fR Choose where the program creates the action
.TP
\fIAction-creation options\fR
.TP
\fB\-l, \-\-label=LABEL\fR The label of the menu item (amndatory)
.TP
\fB\-t, \-\-tooltip=TOOLTIP\fR The tooltip of the menu
.TP
\fB\-i, \-\-icon=ICON\fR The icon of the menu item (filename or GTK stock
ID)
.TP
\fB\-c, \-\-command=PATH\fR The path of the command
.TP
\fB\-p, \-\-parameters=PARAMS\fR The parameters of the command
.TP
\fB\-m, \-\-match=EXPR\fR A pattern to match selected files against. May
include wildcards (*or?) (you must set one option for each pattern you
need)
.TP
\fB\-C, \-\-match\-case=PATH\fR The path command
.TP
\fB\-T, \-\-mimetypes=EXPR\fR A pattern to match selected files' mimetype
against. May include wildcards (*or?) (you must set one option for each
pattern you need)
.TP
\fB\-f, \-\-accept\-files\fR Set it if selection must only contain files
.TP
\fB\-d, \-\-accept\-dirs\fR Set it if the selection must only contain folders.
Specify both '\-\-isfile' and '\-\-isdir' options is selection can contain
both types of items
.TP
\fB\-M, \-\-accept\-multiple\-files\fR Set it if the selection can have several
items
.TP
\fB\-s, \-\-scheme=SCHEME\fR A valid GVFS scheme where the selected files
should be located (you must set onw option for each scheme you need)
.SH AUTHOR
\fIcaja\-actions\fR has been derived from \fInautilus\-actions\fR which has
been written by Rodrigo Moya <rodrigo[AT]novell.com>, Frederic Ruaudel
<grumz[AT]grumz.net>, Pierre Wieser <pwieser[AT]trychlos.org>, and
contributors.
.PP
The porting work to the MATE desktop environment under the extension name
\fIcaja\-actions\fR has been done by Wolfgang Ulbrich <chat\-to\-me[at]raveit.de>.
.PP
This manual page was written Vangelis Mouhtsis <vangelis[AT]gnugr.org>,
for the Debian MATE Packaging Team, and may be used by others.
.SH LICENSING
Both the caja-actions source code and this man page are licensed under
the GNU General Public License (v2 or higher).
